Troubleshooting (#217)
DataDog/dd-sdk-android: docs/TROUBLESHOOTING.md

If you encounter another issue when building your application with the Datadog SDK for Android, open an issue on the [DataDog/dd-sdk-android Github repository](https://github.com/DataDog/dd-sdk-android/issues/new?assignees=&labels=bug&template=bug_report.md&title=) with as many details as you can.

## Runtime Issues

### Crash with `java.lang.NoSuchMethodError: No virtual method setInitialDelay`

> If your application crashes with a similar message, this is most likely due to a conflict in the Android WorkManager dependency. The `dd-sdk-android` library use the AndroidX `androidx.work:work-runtime` artifact with a version above `2.2.0`. There was a change in the signature of the `WorkRequest.Builder` class, that make modules built wit a previous version incompatible. Make sure all your modules and dependency target the same version of the `androidx.work:work-runtime` library.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your application crashes with a similar message, this is most likely due to a conflict in the Android WorkManager dependency. The `dd-sdk-android` library use the AndroidX `androidx.work:work-runtime` artifact with a version above `2.2.0`. There was a change in the signature of the `WorkRequest.Builder` class, that make modules built with a previous version incompatible. Make sure all your modules and dependency target the same version of the `androidx.work:work-runtime` library.
```

> If your application crashes with a similar message, this is most likely due to a conflict in the Android WorkManager dependency. The `dd-sdk-android` library use the AndroidX `androidx.work:work-runtime` artifact with a version above `2.2.0`. There was a change in the signature of the `WorkRequest.Builder` class, that make modules built with a previous version incompatible. Make sure all your modules and dependency target the same version of the `androidx.work:work-runtime` library.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If your application crashes with a similar message, this is most likely due to a conflict in the Android WorkManager dependency. The `dd-sdk-android` library uses the AndroidX `androidx.work:work-runtime` artifact with a version above `2.2.0`. There was a change in the signature of the `WorkRequest.Builder` class, that make modules built with a previous version incompatible. Make sure your modules and dependency target the same version of the `androidx.work:work-runtime` library.
```
